all right so I have been working towards
this milestone for some time now I'm
proud of it so I apologize for the
puffiness of this video but it's about
to happen three hundred and twelve
thousand miles and I get my second high
mileage award
it's 3:12 which should be just a second
apologize for the heaven to wait for it
stupid
there it goes all right I'm going to
pull over
oh there's really not a place for me to
hey it's kind of picturesque
in 12,000 miles get out let's take a
look to see for this old bitch looks
like that's how that's how she looks
three hundred and twelve thousand miles
in a second high mileage badge
Oh
and we'll put it right smack next to the
first the first one is kind of in
some poor condition no worse than the
rest of a thing
of course there's prep demand he just
can't be bothered huh sir
and right here on the shores of Lake
Washington
now let's go to video